Welcome to v160.1
This is it everyone, this is the one, i'm absolutely sure of that...

At long last I finally fixed the issue with the left channel not working correct. With a QuadDAC there are two sides the mono side aka internal speaker and the Stereo DAC side like wired headphones and bluetooth. Well someone from the manufacture thought it be a good idea I guess to put them both on the same channel. That will never work, you will end up with the left channel softer or not working correct. This is the only version that I have ever made that we have True Stereo. Because both channels are working in this version the music is a lot louder. As always don’t blow your ear drums out, this version may just do that very thing. ;)

It was actually a blessing in disguise that there was this mistake in the mixer_paths file, all this time I have been trying to fix that one stupid issue and ended up increasing the audio quality. Well now all of those audio tweaks I did are all running, all at once at 100% in this version. lol

I have scents found out that we do not need to take our battery out of the phone and hold the power button down. I thought it helped with the low volume levels, but all this time it was this very issue causing all the problems. It’s difficult to program a QuadDAC and it’s even more difficult to program a QuadDAC the has a messed up mixer_paths file from the manufacture. I do enjoy a good challenge, let me tell you this was extremely challenging. I had some of the most fun of my entire life, working on this project.

The acclimation process has to be done with a direct connection to the QuadDAC, with a 24bit Hi-Res music player using wired headphones. I recommend using Poweramp because of the adjustable EQ. You can get a 14 day trial. Because the QuadDAC has been messed up for 7+ years, the DAC will need some burn in time, before we will be able to hear what True Native Mode can sound like. The volume levels are not what's going to wake up the QuadDAC, but the amount of work the DAC has to do, such as the amount of bass and treble it has to produce. A volume level around 40 to 50 should be sufficient. I recommend using the Poweramp profile HIFIMAN RE600. The settings in Poweramp of bass 30% and treble 50% should be a good starting point. I recommend using this album to burn in the DAC, Reputation by: Taylor Swift. Then after awhile or when you think the DAC is not improving, turn up the bass and treble by 5%, then increase tell you get to bass 55% to treble 75%. If the DAC is getting to loud for you, turn down your volume. We want to tell the QuadDAC to wake up!!!

Note: Your welcome to take your headphones off for the burn in process. I have no idea how long to do this for, this has never been done before in history to my knowledge. I guess tell the left channel sounds good. Also after the DAC is acclimated on v160.1, I do not recommend downgrading to any previous version of Lemon Drop Hi-Res. They all have that bug I was talking about.

Update: My DAC is running in True Native Mode now, my DAC just woke up it’s alive!! The audio is so amazing, I had no idea a QuadDAC could sound like this in my life. Okay so this is what I did, I let it play for 2hr’s then stopped, then gave it another try for a total of three times 2 hr’s each time. Took about 6 hr’s total of playing Taylor Swift and slowly increasing bass and treble by 5% each time. Most of the time I just took my headphones off and let it play through all the songs from Taylor Swift then started the album over again. I was playing Delicate, volume level 45 and bass 55% and treble 75% when the DAC just woke up. Just keep at it guys, it's so worth it. I have never heard anything like this in my entire life!!! My Lgv20 now has the best audio quality of any phone in the world!!!

Thank you so much Taylor Swift, I love you!!!

Enjoy everyone...
